
## Balancing with Other Projects
- Consider other "misc" or otherwise "small" projects that might end up in here
- Consider also that this is a public repo (hence, no bad/vulgar/loose thoughts)
- Merge their git histories with this repo?

## Comparison with Daily Notes
- This should be more long-term oriented thinking, and less so daily/transient/scattered thinking
- Should also attempt to publish for a public audience, not just the self
- How to organize then?
- Should each subfolder be treated like its own Git repo?
- that may get annoying, especially if files start cluttering up in the main root
- then simply limit those files!
- Alright.

## Gathering Existent Misc/Loose Files
- This may prove difficult and annoying

## Comparison with Long Term Notes
- This should focus more on "immediate doing" and "specific projects" rather than any miscellaneous thought
- Problems of sustaining development will exist though
- Uncertain of how to avoid previous catastrophes

## Combining Old Projects
- Consider also that many old projects overlap
- How to negotiate their differences?
- Should any be preserved? (What is worth preserving? (Nothing?))
- Or should they be squashed immediately?

## All Toplevel Folders
- Should probably avoid doing any kind of folder nesting wherever possible

## Merge with Peter-Py and Conf-Man
- Should this be done? Both are very small
- True, installation of any particular item from this repo will be annoying, as everything else will want to accompany it
- LATER

## Extracting Ideas from Daily Notes
- Huge task, do not want to think about right now

## Relationship to Peter Metadata System
- None currently
- Will need to think about how these relate to one another

